Update local-windows-event-log-source.md (#3014)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/installed-collectors/sources/local-windows-event-log-source.md

        ![windows events types 2021 June.png](/img/send-data/windows-events-types.png)

     * **Standard Event Channels**. Select the main check box for all types, or individual check boxes for specific types (Security, Application, and/or System).

>      * **Forwarded Events**. See how to [Collect Forwarded Events from a Windows Event Collector.](collect-forwarded-events-windows-event-collector.md). Note this box is not seletable when the _Standard Event Channels_ is checked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * **Forwarded Events**. See how to [Collect Forwarded Events from a Windows Event Collector](collect-forwarded-events-windows-event-collector.md). Note this box is not selectable when **Standard Event Channels** is checked.
```
